Update terraform-validate@wdYLjB-tKg76B7YcnhevQ.md (#6095)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/terraform/content/terraform-validate@wdYLjB-tKg76B7YcnhevQ.md

> # terraform validate
> 
> The validate command helps you make sure your Terraform (or OpenTofu) code is syntactically correct before you deploy. This helps you to prevent misconfiguration due to missing attributes or incorrect dependencies, saving time, improving efficiency, and reducing cost.
> 
> Link: https://www.env0.com/blog/terraform-validate-command-practical-examples-and-best-practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# terraform validate

The validate command helps you make sure your Terraform code is syntactically correct before you deploy. This helps you to prevent misconfiguration due to missing attributes or incorrect dependencies, saving time, improving efficiency, and reducing cost.

Learn more from the following resources:

 - [@article@Terraform Validate practical examples](https://www.env0.com/blog/terraform-validate-command-practical-examples-and-best-practices)
```

Removed mention of OpenTofu as to not confuse people (we're aware of it and watching it mature)

Also added the correct styling when adding resource links.
